[Style Guide] Adding more explanation to the AnchorHeading component style guide. (#16986)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/style-guide/components/anchor-heading.mdx

title: Anchor heading
---

The `AnchorHeading` component defines headings. Specifically, `AnchorHeading` performs the following:

> 1. Generates URL fragments corresponding to headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Generates URL fragments corresponding to headings.
```

2. Formats URL fragments into compatible syntax. For example, a `&` is replaced with a `-`.
3. Creates a button to copy the URL at each fragment.
4. Allows heading fragments to be defined separately from the text of the heading itself.

```mdx live
import { AnchorHeading } from "~/components";

<AnchorHeading title="How to use AnchorHeading" slug="use-anchorheading" depth={2} />
```

> By default, markdown files (including partials) have this behavior applied via rehype plugins. Therefore, the `AnchorHeading` component is usually only required when writing headings yourself inside components, or when working on non-markdown files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Markdown files (including partials) have this behavior by default, applied via rehype plugins. Therefore, the `AnchorHeading` component is usually only required when writing headings yourself inside components, or when working on non-markdown files.
```

> Additionally, `AnchorHeading`s are useful when rendering partial files into one location where there are duplicate headings (for example, when there are multiple H3 "`create`" headings in one page). `AnchorHeading`'s ability to explicitly define a fragment allows you to ensure each heading can be linked correctly with unique fragments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, `AnchorHeading` is useful when rendering partial files into one location where there are duplicate headings (for example, when there are multiple H3 corresponding to `/#create` in one page). `AnchorHeading` allows you to explicitly define fragments, ensuring that each heading can be referred correctly with unique anchors.
```
